Implemented Multi-Threading (#22)
erdos-project/frenet_optimal_trajectory_planner: README.md

 FrenetOptimalTrajectory planning algorithm.
```
python3 FrenetOptimalTrajectory/fot.py
```

To measure speed up with threading:
```
python3 FrenetOptimalTrajectory/fot.py -t 4 -p -c
```

Here are some flags you can pass in:
* `-d`, `--display`, display animation. Ensure you have X11 forwarding enabled if running on a server.
* `-v`, `--verbose`, prints detailed states one each iteration.
* `-s`, `--save`, screenshot each frame and save to `/img/frames`; you can use them to make `.gif`.
* `-t`, `--thread`, set number of threads. Default will be 0 (no threading). Accepts positive integer arguments.
* `-c`, `--compare`, compare threaded program with unthreaded baseline for time profiling.
* `-p`, `--profile`, show a plot of runtime profile across iterations.
* `-f`, `--full`, generate comparisons of runtime and speed up ratio across running planner on different number of threads.

> Besides using command line input, you can specify number of threads by going to `fot.py` and editing `num_threads` under `hyperparameters`. To not use the threaded version of the algorithm, set `num_threads` to `0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Besides using command line input, you can specify number of threads by going to `fot.py` and editing `num_threads` under `hyperparameters`. To use the single-threaded implementation of the algorithm, set `num_threads` to `0`.
```

Author: This is clearer, thanks!
